README.md, before:

# Moppepojkar
The software project for maneuvering a MOPED

## Useful links

The following links can be used for navigation throughout the repo:

- [Social Contract](./documentation/social-contract.md)
- [KPIs](./documentation/kpis.md)
- [Learnings from LEGO-exercise](./documentation/scrum-learnings/)
- [Half-time reflection](./documentation/half-way-reflection.md)


## Team members

|     Name     |          :email:          |    :octocat:  |
|--------------|---------------------------|---------------|
| Felix Nordén | feljo@student.chalmers.se |  felixnorden  |
| Zack Lundqvist | zackl@student.chalmers.se | ZLundqvist  |
| Edvin Meijer |edvinme@student.chalmers.se | Sk8eddie    |
| Hampus Carlsson| champus@student.chalmers.se | isZumpo   |
| Jesper Blidkvist | jesbli@student.chalmers.se | konglobemeralt |
| Anton Kimfors| kimfors@student.chalmers.se | Kimpan |
| Marcus Lindvärn| marcuols@student.chalmers.se | Murk     |
| Kevin Solovjov| solovjov@student.chalmers.se | Nightingale1997 |
| Anthony Kalcic| kalcic@student.chalmers.se | NinjaWazzzabi |
| Emil Jansson | jaemil@student.chalmers.se | EmiljanQ3 |
| Elias Burström|   eliasbu@student.chalmers.se| Landsfadern |
| Hugo Ekelund | ehugo@student.chalmers.se| Hugormen  |

Commit message:

Update navigation of repo and add backlog items

README.md, after:

# Moppepojkar
The software project for maneuvering a MOPED

## Useful links

The following links can be used for navigation throughout the repository:

### Prototype links

- [Social Contract](./documentation/social-contract.md)
- [KPIs](./documentation/kpis.md)
- [Roles](./documentation/roles.md)
- [Product Backlog & User Stories](./documentation/product-backlog.md)
- [Code Quality](./documentation/code-quality.md)
- [Definition of Done](./documentation/definition-of-done.md)

#### Guidelines & Templates

- [Code Review](./documentation/code-review.md)
- [Git workflow](./documentation/git-workflow.md)
- [SCRUM Templates](./documentation/templates)

### Reflection links

- [Learnings from LEGO-exercise](./documentation/scrum-learnings/)
- [Half-time reflection](./documentation/half-way-reflection.md)


## Team members

|     Name     |          :email:          |    :octocat:  |
|--------------|---------------------------|---------------|
| Felix Nordén | feljo@student.chalmers.se |  felixnorden  |
| Zack Lundqvist | zackl@student.chalmers.se | ZLundqvist  |
| Edvin Meijer |edvinme@student.chalmers.se | Sk8eddie    |
| Hampus Carlsson| champus@student.chalmers.se | isZumpo   |
| Jesper Blidkvist | jesbli@student.chalmers.se | konglobemeralt |
| Anton Kimfors| kimfors@student.chalmers.se | Kimpan |
| Marcus Lindvärn| marcuols@student.chalmers.se | Murk     |
| Kevin Solovjov| solovjov@student.chalmers.se | Nightingale1997 |
| Anthony Kalcic| kalcic@student.chalmers.se | NinjaWazzzabi |
| Emil Jansson | jaemil@student.chalmers.se | EmiljanQ3 |
| Elias Burström|   eliasbu@student.chalmers.se| Landsfadern |
| Hugo Ekelund | ehugo@student.chalmers.se| Hugormen  |
