documentation/definition-of-done.md, before:

# Definition of Done

This document serves to help the group know when they can consider a part of the project done.

## Tasks

A task can be considered done when the following is true:
A description of the task has been written.
Unit tests have been completed for all testable functions.
All functionality defined in the task description has been implemented.
The implementation has been reviewed by at least one person who has not taken part in developing the code.
The task has been merged with all other tasks in the same user story.
The task’s function has been confirmed working as intended by testing of the entire user story in relation to already developed functionality.

## User Stories

A user story can be considered done when the following is true:
A description of the user story has been written.
The user story has been divided into tasks.
All tasks belonging to the user story have been confirmed done.
The user story has been merged with the main git branch.
The user story’s function has been confirmed working as intended by testing it as a part of the entire system.

## Epics

An epic can be considered done when all user stories contained in the epic have been confirmed done.

## The Project

The project can be considered done when the group and the product owner agrees that the current version of our product sufficiently matches the project's vision defined below.

### Vision

As a research project for RISE Victoria: A small radio controlled car, featuring programmable control units, called a MOPED are used to study behavior of autonomous cars. These 10 MOPEDs will be able to follow each other in a platooning formation with the MOPED in the front being maneuvered manually. The MOPED will be able to act both independently and as a part of a platoon of autonomously interacting MOPEDs.  The scope of the project is a 5 week period that will culminate in a demo that will be showcased in an indoors campus environment.

Commit message:

Product vision revision, change of disposition and end goal

documentation/definition-of-done.md, after:

# Definition of Done

This document serves to help the group know when they can consider a part of the project done.

## Tasks

A task can be considered done when the following is true:

- A description of the task has been written.
- Unit tests have been completed for all testable functions.
- All functionality defined in the task description has been implemented.
- The implementation has been reviewed by at least one person who has not taken part in developing the code.
- The task has been merged with all other tasks in the same user story.
- The task’s function has been confirmed working as intended by testing of the entire user story in relation to already developed functionality.

## User Stories

A user story can be considered done when the following is true:

- A description of the user story has been written.
- The user story has been divided into tasks.
- All tasks belonging to the user story have been confirmed done.
- The user story has been merged with the main git branch.
- The user story’s function has been confirmed working as intended by testing it as a part of the entire system.

## Epics

An epic can be considered done when all user stories contained in the epic have been confirmed done.

## The Project

The project can be considered done when the group and the product owner agrees that the current version of our product sufficiently matches the project's vision, which is defined below.

### Vision

As a research project for RISE Victoria: Small, radio controlled cars, featuring programmable electronic control units, called *"Mobile Open Platform for Experimental Design of Cyber-Physical Systems"*, or "MOPED" are used to study and develop the behavior of autonomous vehicles. The end goal is to deliver software that will act as a core building block in VICTA Lab's research and development of autonomous vehicles for real-world traffic, with the intent of reducing transportation cost, improving traffic safety and mitigating climate influence.

Between the starting point and end goal, a scope of 5 weeks have been set for developing the independent software for each MOPED. After these 5 weeks, a demonstration will be held in an indoor campus environment. This demonstration will showcase 10 unique MOPEDs, each having their own independent software, that follow each other autonomously in a platooning formation with the MOPED in the lead being maneuvered manually. Each MOPED will be able to act both independently and as a part of a platoon of autonomously interacting MOPEDs.
