documentation/kpis.md, before:

# Key performance indicators

- [Key performance indicators](#key-performance-indicators)
    - [Individual velocity](#individual-velocity)
    - [Produced velocity](#produced-velocity)
    - [Product Owner satisfaction](#product-owner-satisfaction)
    - [Code coverage](#code-coverage)

The following KPIs are the primary indicators that will be used during the project's iterations to facilitate scrum retrospectives and reviews. 

## Individual velocity

Velocity charts on individual team members, which have been evaluated using the following non-dependent factors:

1. Stress
1. Difficulty compared to estimation
1. Performance
1. Produced quality

A form with questions will be sent out to every group member in the end of every sprint. The answers will be collected by the scrum-master to confirm that the psychological work enviroment is optimal. The results will be saved to use later in the reflection when the project is over and for each individual to evaluate their weekly psychological work-state.

The main reason for this is to manage a good work-enviroment for all individuals woring with the project. The secondary reason is for each individual to be able to reflect over the past weeks effort to optimise the workload for the comming sprint.

## Produced velocity

Estimations regarding production value will be made for each iteration. The threshold will be kept static, while individual feature estimations will be adapted. If a feature isn't finished, then the score will be 0 in that sprint.

The user stories' score will be estimated in the whole group and delegated into the individual teams. The delegated user story will then be split up into different use cases with a specific score by the associated teams. Each user story will then be split into different tasks that will be used when implementing features.

Each story and each task will be assigned a specific value, and when finished they will accumulate for the combined group score. This will be visulised with a Burn-Up chart.

The objective with this method is to have an estimation of the size of each story/task while being able to show the product owner the amount of work that has been done last sprint. This will also be used for having a set defined amount of work each sprint that the team should strive for.

## Product Owner satisfaction

At the weekly sprint review, the Product Owner will be asked to grade his/her value of the current product.
This will then be set into perspective with the agreed Produced velocity. If there are big differences, then actions regarding adaptation and negotiation with the Product Owner will be taken. This way, the communication between the team and the Product Owner will improve and follow up questions can be asked for eliciting clearer requirements.

## Code/test coverage

Charts based upon test coverage on produced code.

Commit message:

Added strategy for satisfacation and code coverage

documentation/kpis.md, after:

# Key performance indicators

- [Key performance indicators](#key-performance-indicators)
    - [Individual velocity](#individual-velocity)
    - [Produced velocity](#produced-velocity)
    - [Product Owner satisfaction](#product-owner-satisfaction)
    - [Code coverage](#code-coverage)

The following KPIs are the primary indicators that will be used during the project's iterations to facilitate scrum retrospectives and reviews. 

## Individual velocity

Velocity charts on individual team members, which have been evaluated using the following non-dependent factors:

1. Stress
1. Difficulty compared to estimation
1. Performance
1. Produced quality

A form with questions will be sent out to every group member in the end of every sprint. The answers will be collected by the scrum-master to confirm that the psychological work enviroment is optimal. The results will be saved to use later in the reflection when the project is over and for each individual to evaluate their weekly psychological work-state.

The main reason for this is to manage a good work-enviroment for all individuals woring with the project. The secondary reason is for each individual to be able to reflect over the past weeks effort to optimise the workload for the comming sprint.

## Produced velocity

Estimations regarding production value will be made for each iteration. The threshold will be kept static, while individual feature estimations will be adapted. If a feature isn't finished, then the score will be 0 in that sprint.

The user stories' score will be estimated in the whole group and delegated into the individual teams. The delegated user story will then be split up into different use cases with a specific score by the associated teams. Each user story will then be split into different tasks that will be used when implementing features.

Each story and each task will be assigned a specific value, and when finished they will accumulate for the combined group score. This will be visulised with a Burn-Up chart.

The objective with this method is to have an estimation of the size of each story/task while being able to show the product owner the amount of work that has been done last sprint. This will also be used for having a set defined amount of work each sprint that the team should strive for.

## Product Owner satisfaction

### Strategy for staying on track
A problem with not having the Product Owner available to you while working at all times is 
getting off track and not producing what the owner actually wants. To make sure that this does not happen we are going to use product owner satisfaction as a kpi.

At the weekly sprint review, the Product Owner will be asked to grade his/her value of the current product. This will then be set into perspective with the agreed Produced velocity. If there are big differences, then actions regarding adaptation and negotiation with the Product Owner 


## Code/test coverage

Charts based upon test coverage on produced code.

### Strategy for code quality
To reduce the risk of writing unnecessary or untested code we have chosen to use code coverage as an kpi. Striving for a high code coverage will result in cleaner code that works as intended. We will use a plugin that automatically calculates code coverage. Testing coverage does not mean that the code is perfect, it is just as good as the test.
