documentation/social-contract.md, before:

# Team Social Contract

<https://theagileexecutive.com/tag/social-contract/>

## Whole group culture

- Be on time for meetings
    - Always inform the group at least 10 min beforehand if you are running late
- Respect each other
    - We have zero tolerance for bullying
    - Listen to each other and don't interrupt each other
- Ask for help
- We will give continuous, **constructive** feedback on each members' performance
    - If a member won't adapt to the feedback given, further actions will be taken
    - In the most extreme case, the member may be removed from the group
- Each member will attend course lectures to their own ability
    - If they are going to miss a lecture, they will need to inform the others beforehand
    - If a member misses a lecture, the others will summarize the lecture and the member can read more in-depth on the repository
- Each member will keep their work updated on the Scrum board

## Group workflow

- Pair programming will kept be in focus during the work process
- All code will be reviewed by another group member
    - After a review, the code will be revised before a merge can be made to the master branch
    - Every commit will have to be documented before it is pushed to master
    - More info can be found in the [git workflow ADD LINK](ADD LINK)
- TDD is enforced for everyone
- BDD will be used where it is necessary
- Code will not pushed unless tests are passing

## Meetings

- Whole group meetings will be held once a week
    - Will be for 2 hours
- Daily stand ups for the smaller groups
- 2-3 stand ups for whole group meetings

## Smaller group requirements

- Groups will be kept flexible
- Documentation needs to be made for each meeting

Commit message:

Documentation for social contract, roles, kpis and scrum learnings, also update of the readme

documentation/social-contract.md, after:

# Team Social Contract

- [Team Social Contract](#team-social-contract)
    - [Whole group culture](#whole-group-culture)
    - [Group workflow](#group-workflow)
    - [Meetings](#meetings)
    - [Smaller group requirements](#smaller-group-requirements)
    - [References](#references)

## Whole group culture

- Be on time for meetings
    - Always inform the group at least 10 min beforehand if you are running late
- Respect each other
    - We have zero tolerance for bullying
    - Listen to each other and don't interrupt each other
- Ask for help
- We will give continuous, **constructive** feedback on each members' performance
    - If a member won't adapt to the feedback given, further actions will be taken
    - In the most extreme case, the member may be removed from the group
- Each member will attend course lectures to their own ability
    - If they are going to miss a lecture, they will need to inform the others beforehand
    - If a member misses a lecture, the others will summarize the lecture and the member can read more in-depth on the repository
- Each member will keep their work updated on the Scrum board

## Group workflow

- Pair programming will kept be in focus during the work process
- All code will be reviewed by another group member
    - After a review, the code will be revised before a merge can be made to the master branch
    - Every commit will have to be documented before it is pushed to master
    - More info can be found in the [git workflow ADD LINK](ADD LINK)
- TDD is enforced for everyone
- BDD will be used **if** it is necessary
- Code will not pushed unless tests are passing
- Sequenced versioning, i.e A.B.C
    - A is a breaking release
    - B is a major release
    - C is patches and bug fixes.

## Meetings

- Whole group meetings will be held once a week
    - Will be for 2 hours
- The project manager will be the chairman of each meeting
- When a discussion is held on a specific subject the following rules apply:
    - Switching subject is prohibited until the current discussion is finished
    - No request for the right of speech will be made if it will be unrelated
- The secretary for the upcoming meeting will be decided upon at the end of the previous meeting
- Daily stand ups for the smaller groups
- 2-3 stand ups for whole group meetings

## Smaller group requirements

- Groups will be kept flexible
- Documentation needs to be made for each meeting

## References

[Social Contract](https://theagileexecutive.com/tag/social-contract/)
